guide on the usage of docker (#1111)
microsoft/autogen: website/docs/FAQ.md

We strongly recommend using docker to execute code. There are two ways to use docker:

1. Run AutoGen in a docker container. For example, when developing in [GitHub codespace](https://codespaces.new/microsoft/autogen?quickstart=1), AutoGen runs in a docker container. If you are not developing in Github codespace, follow instructions [here](Installation.md#option-1-install-and-run-autogen-in-docker) to install and run AutoGen in docker.

> 2. Run AutoGen outside of a docker, while perform code execution with a docker container. For this option, make sure the python package `docker` is installed. When it is not installed and `use_docker` is omitted in `code_execution_config`, the code will be executed locally (this behavior is subject to change in future).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run AutoGen outside of a docker, while performing code execution with a docker container. For this option, make sure the python package `docker` is installed and ...
```
We'll switch the default in #1147
2 also requires docker setup.
